True Heavenly Minister, you are here.
Zhan Tianchen, don’t even think about entering the Zhan family.
dad. Zhan Jiapei, those who can wear it will be the best.
What can he do in the Zhan family for a waste of money?
The one who can run is the one with the least talent, but for my business,
No thanks to Ju Zhan’s family.
Zhan Tianchen, last time you escaped during the Warring States Period,
It almost caused China to attach great importance to family.
Do you still dare to talk nonsense here?
This is also not supported. This old man,
I don't want to hear their nonsense here.
Why did you call me here today?
Let's just say, I happen to be the chairman between us.
Okay, I've investigated clearly
You are working under Beijiang God King
You just need to take the Beijiang God King line for us.
I will let you return to war and be your eldest young master
What, Dad, just think that he can be the Divine King of Beijiang.
You couldn't have made a mistake, right?
That's right, revenge
Can't Chen take some shots in these three days?
But there are too many unrighteous people in this world
Why does Beijiang God King like him?
Mr. Zhan, are you being raped by Zhan Tianchen?
I was deceived by the false practice.
A man like him
No one wants anyone to be a thug.
I can return to the battle prize
But it’s impossible for me to want him to die
Foer is my war plus nearly a hundred years
Well trained
I hide that he will still be close to me in the future
Be the head of our Zhanjia family to you
If you speak louder to me
Beijiang God King line
I give you the warrior group
The position of branch general manager will be next time
Even if it is the position of branch general manager
Don’t rely too much on ability
Maybe he was just a thug under Beijiang God King
I always go to your location
I'm afraid he won't give up.
Well, you are really confused
Master Zhan is not worth what you think